README.md, before:

#Definition of Done

>The **definition of done** is exactly what you think: a list of criteria that has to be met before any work can be considered **done**. _Failure to meet any one of these conditions means the work is not complete_.

##Why?
At **_dwyl_**, we consider the _definition of done_ to be one of the most important parts of a project [if not **_the_ most important**](https://github.com/dwyl/summer-2015/issues/42).
 
Having this means that everyone who works with dwyl **knows what to aim for** in terms of code quality which facilitates the integration with the rest of our codebase and _saves everyone time_, which is of course [our stated aim](https://github.com/dwyl/start-here/blob/master/manifesto.md)!

##Definition of Done
We will keep adding detail and examples to this as we gain understanding of any ambiguities that may arise.

For clarity, a task will not be considered to be complete until all these items can be checked off.
- [ ] Time to be taken for the task was estimated and agreed by all present
- [ ] Actual time taken for the task was recorded
- [ ] All tests pass
- [ ] 100% test coverage
- [ ] Code updates come with a corresponding update to the documentation
- [ ] Front end features should be user-tested and notes should exist on this testing
- [ ] Code should always be peer reviewed (if a bug is introduced, it will first be raised to the person who carried out the peer review/QA)

_Require actions:_
- [ ] Code follows the dwyl styleguide [must be officially created https://github.com/dwyl/summer-2015/issues/22]
- [ ] Video walkthrough of using the feature/fundtionality created [example needs to be created]


> TBD: https://github.com/dwyl/start-here/issues/33

Commit message:

[WiP] Starts to add a good example into DoD https://github.com/dwyl/definition-of-done/issues/2

README.md, after:

#Definition of Done

>The **definition of done** is exactly what you think: a list of criteria that has to be met before any work can be considered **done**. _Failure to meet any one of these conditions means the work is not complete_.

##Why?
At **_dwyl_**, we consider the _definition of done_ to be one of the most important parts of a project [if not **_the_ most important**](https://github.com/dwyl/summer-2015/issues/42).
 
Having this means that everyone who works with dwyl **knows what to aim for** in terms of code quality which facilitates the integration with the rest of our codebase and _saves everyone time_, which is of course [our stated aim](https://github.com/dwyl/start-here/blob/master/manifesto.md)!

##Definition of Done
We will keep adding detail and examples to this as we gain understanding of any ambiguities that come up.

For clarity, a task will not be considered to be complete until all these items can be checked off.
- [ ] Time to be taken for the task was estimated and agreed by all present
- [ ] Actual time taken for the task was recorded
- [ ] All tests pass
- [ ] Code updates come with a corresponding update to the documentation
- [ ] Front end features should be user-tested and notes should exist on this testing
* [ ] **100% test coverage**
* [ ] **All tests pass**
* [ ] **Descriptive pull request text**, answering:
  + What problem/issue are you fixing?
  + What does this PR implement and how? 
* [ ] **Assign your PR to someone** for a code review
  + This person _will be contacted **first**_ if a bug is introduced into `master` 

<img width="786" alt="perfect-PR" src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/4185328/9028359/1804d5f2-396e-11e5-9a27-ffc14fad9f36.png">
_https://github.com/indexzero/ps-tree/pull/12_


_Required actions:_
- [ ] Code follows the dwyl styleguide [must be officially created https://github.com/dwyl/summer-2015/issues/22]
- [ ] Video walkthrough of using the feature/fundtionality created [example needs to be created]


###Descriptive Pull Request
The description of your pull request (PR) should answer:
+ What problem/issue are you fixing?
+ What does this PR implement and how?
